# Hash-function
> Hash Function implementation in python:
**Hash function implementation using string:**
We have used these modules hashlib which implements many different secure hash and message digest. Hash algorithm which can be implemented are SHA 1 ,SHA 256, SHA 224 MD5.Hmac module is hashing for message authentication. It can be used to check integrity and authenticity. It lets us calculate message authenticity and integrity using a shared key between two parties without the use of complex public key infrastructure involving certificates. 
In this we have taken input from user the key and message for which we have to want to get digest value.   This constructor creates an instance of HMAC with initial message given as bytes. It can be then used to generate message authentication code. We can only create an instance of HMAC as well without any initial message but we'll need key and digestmod. The key needs to be in bytes format. The digestmod parameter accepts secure hashing algorithm names that are available through hashlib module.  It returns the message authentication code of the data in bytes format. The size of the output is dependent on the input secure hashing algorithm.  It returns message authentication code of data as hexadecimal digits.
**Hash function implementation using text file:**
In this user have to enter the file name and key for which we have to generate digest value.  Open()function opens a file .It has two parameters file and mode here rb is for read and b for binary mode.   Read() method is used to return the specified number of bytes from the file. -1 means the whole file to read.   This constructor creates an instance of HMAC with initial message given as bytes. It can be then used to generate message authentication code. We can only create an instance of HMAC as well without any initial message but we'll need key and digestmod. The key needs to be in bytes format. The digestmod parameter accepts secure hashing algorithm names that are available through hashlib module.  It returns the message authentication code of the data in bytes format. The size of the output is dependent on the input secure hashing algorithm.  It returns message authentication code of data as hexadecimal digits.

 
